{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12720\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 If the item received is damaged, defective, incorrect, or incomplete, a refund will be issued based on Daraz's assessment. Note: For device-related issues after usage or expiration of return policy period, please check if the item is covered under Seller or Brand Warranty. Items that are non-returnable: Any custom-made items" What is the cancellation and return policy for Buy More, Save More orders? Partial cancellations are not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Buy More, Save More orders i. e. you will not be able to cancel 1 or 2 products in your order and would instead have to cancel the entire order. But if you decide to apply for a return, you can return certain items out of your total Buy More, Save More order. If a certain number of products from a Buy More, Save More order are eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer after these items have been returned by the customer & quality checked by Daraz. Partial refunds are calculated on item level of each bundle. In case you have received your order but are not satisfied with your purchase, you can submit a return request within 14 days from the day it is delivered to you. Decision on returns and refunds taken by Daraz will be final in its sole discretion. In case a customer tries to circumvent the terms and conditions and abuse subsidies by creating new accounts, they will be unable to place their order. "}