What are the weekly payment partner discounts? Wednesday - HBL 10% off, 900 cap, 2
transactions/card, Debit/Credit Thursday - UBL 10% off, 1000 cap, 1 transaction/card, Debit/Credit
Saturday - Askari Bank 10% off, 1000 cap, 3 transactions/card, Credit Sunday - Standard Chartered
10% off, 1000 cap, 2 transactions/card, Credit" How can I avail Sticker Price?  Payment partner
sticker: When using an XYZ card to make a purchase, you can take advantage of the payment partner
discount at the lowest cost via a specific method. After entering your card information, the lowest
price will show up on the checkout page. Firework Voucher Sticker: This sticker makes a special
reference to a voucher that must be collected in order to receive the best discount. Once the coupon
has been used, the lowest price will be shown. Daraz Lowest Price Sticker: This sticker shows the
lowest price that may be obtained using several methods, excluding delivery charges. The easiest way
to take advantage of the lowest price for this sticker type is to educate yourself with the many
payment options available on our payment partners page before selecting the most suitable one. Where
can I find Card bins? You can find your card bins on your card. The first 6 digits of your card are
Card Bins. kc-oss-debit-credit-card-bank-design-template-realistic-vector-26825976 How can I learn
more about the upcoming campaigns and the discounts? Subscribe to Daraz Newsletters To learn more
about the subscription, please visit How to subscribe Daraz Newsletters? Turn-on Push Notifications
Please visit How do I manage the Push notifications? to stay updated on the upcoming campaigns and
discounts When can I start shopping on Sale Campaigns or Promotions? Special event prices become
active at 12AM on the announced date" What are the weekly payment partner discounts? Wednesday - HBL
10% off, 900 cap, 2 transactions/card, Debit/Credit Thursday - UBL 10% off, 1000 cap, 1
transaction/card, Debit/Credit Saturday - Askari Bank 10% off, 1000 cap, 3 transactions/card, Credit
Sunday - Standard Chartered 10% off, 1000 cap, 2 transactions/card, Credit" How can I avail Sticker
Price?  Payment partner sticker: When using an XYZ card to make a purchase, you can take advantage
of the payment partner discount at the lowest cost via a specific method. kc-oss-debit-credit-card-
bank-design-template-realistic-vector-26825976 How can I learn more about the upcoming campaigns and
the discounts? Subscribe to Daraz Newsletters To learn more about the subscription, please visit How
to subscribe Daraz Newsletters? Turn-on Push Notifications Please visit How do I manage the Push
notifications? to stay updated on the upcoming campaigns and discounts When can I start shopping on
Sale Campaigns or Promotions? Special event prices become active at 12AM on the announced date" What
are the weekly payment partner discounts? Wednesday - HBL 10% off, 900 cap, 2 transactions/card,
Debit/Credit Thursday - UBL 10% off, 1000 cap, 1 transaction/card, Debit/Credit Saturday - Askari
Bank 10% off, 1000 cap, 3 transactions/card, Credit Sunday - Standard Chartered 10% off, 1000 cap, 2
transactions/card, Credit" kc-oss-Group How can I avail weekly payment partner discount? Shopping
got even more exciting with Daraz! Avail multiple discounts with us throughout the week.
https://youtu. be/iGl_yKNoCC0 [555699] [517420] [536632] [539160] [536619] [490471][482106] [621657]
[490288] [490287] [494123] [490286][494122] [542831] [518496] [547175] [524643] [405048] [472439]
[410524] [410525] [415118] [418231] [418232][408413] [421461] [421462] [450086] [442143]
[445087][450084] [519506] [532709] [540375] [529597] [527042] [552224] [514010] [514099] [464951]
[516062] [464952] [524521] [407937][437525] [538086] [416653] [547753] [401769] [407569] [428921]
[428922] [428923] [428924] [547009][545249] [516011] [557572] [550376] Note: Payment Partner
Discounts are not applicable on Daraz like New, top up, bills and packaging material and UPI voucher
discount can be avail on topup and dbills. How can I avail Sticker Price?  Payment partner sticker:
When using an XYZ card to make a purchase, you can take advantage of the payment partner discount at
the lowest cost via a specific method. ".